---
layout: post
title: "I Have Failed"
date: 2014-08-12 00:32:43 +0200
comments: true
categories:
---

I'm tired, worn out, kaput.
Slow Tortoise wins the race hurried Hare falls asleep.
Steam train, steam train keep chugging along.
Even the tortoise needs to rest sometime.

We are fast, we deliver consistently, we deliver value, and we have strong technical practice.
We move with agility and balance ourselves on the thin line between between the worlds of the Hare and the Tortoise.

Becoming the Hare and winning the first half the race will see us falling out in the final stretch. We need to ship now! Max out the Technical debt credit card. "Damm the spice!" - Duke Leto We end the race on the edge of foreclosure working double shifts just to keep the bills paid.

Becoming the tortoise that moves slowly and lusts after victory always on the horizon. Keeping that technical debt credit card green, green, green. Will grind us to a near halt, we want to deliver value. Keeping your code clean keeps us from getting the things we create into the hands of the people who need it.

Keep that balance.

I ran and ran and ran and ran until I fell asleep and fell down the rabbit hole, where grand dreams and terrible nightmares court each other.

I was enthralled and terrified wherever I went.
I am still asleep and I can hear the tortoise passing by. I cannot wake myself, I cannot climb.

"Mood? Mood is for cattle and lovemaking; mood is not for fighting." - Gurney Halleck

I will get up someday and I will run to the tortoise. I will carry them when they need it and they will carry me. Together we will reach the end of this race and when we do we will run a victory lap.